Match forward headers case insensitively. (#6889)
triton-inference-server/server: docs/protocol/extension_parameters.md

<!--

> # Copyright (c) 2023-2024, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.

Author: Why removing (c)?

> # Copyright (c) 2023-2024, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: It's a practice we adopted to keep line width < 80 characters where we can help it. It's not a problem in python/bash with the `#` comment, but for C++ the `//` goes to 81 characters with the `(c)`:

```
// 76 characters width
// Copyright (c) 2023, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.

// 81 characters width
// Copyright (c) 2023-2024, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.

// 77 characters with
// Copyright 2023-2024, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.
```

I believe we just followed this direction from another DLFW team internally

> # Copyright (c) 2023-2024, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.

Author: What about python/bash?

> # Copyright (c) 2023-2024, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: Yes, we try to do it everywhere to be consistent

both HTTP and GRPC, you should add `--http-header-forward-pattern PREFIX_.*
--grpc-header-forward-pattern PREFIX_.*` to your `tritonserver` command.

By default, the regular expression pattern matches headers with case-insensitive
mode according to the HTTP protocol. If you want to enforce case-sensitive mode,
simplying adding the `(?-i)` prefix which turns off case-insensitive mode, e.g.

> `--http-header-forward-pattern (?-i)PREFIX_.*`. Note `(?-i)` prefix is not supported
> on HTTP Python client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--http-header-forward-pattern (?-i)PREFIX_.*`. Note, headers sent through the
Python HTTP client may be automatically lower-cased by internal client libraries.
```

Author: Updated.

Reviewer: Where is the update? I don't see it

Author: Bruh. I did not include this change in the commit. Should be there now.
